and we're back so hey guys I took a
unplanned sort of holiday from this
channel for a few months because of
boring things like life and stuff but
one of the reasons was much more
exciting because I took an actual
holiday to the UK which is my utter
dream location I was there for an entire
month and I was just in heaven the
entire time like I think I just
perpetually walked around like this
humming songs for my favourite British
musicals also Hedwig same because it
turns out that practically everything in
the UK is Harry Potter related if we try
hard enough obviously being on holidays
did you tend to do a little bit more
shopping than you might usually and I
more than made up of my year very
restrained porcupine last year with this
quite hefty pile of joy I think it's
time for a haul we spent more than a
week in London in total but we also took
a little day trip to Oxford and oh my
god it was just an absolute literary
nerds dreamland I got to see the
building where Lewis Carroll lived and
the section of the river where he went
boating with Bloedel Sisters where he
first told the story of Alice in
Wonderland
yeah it was too much awesome for one day
once I had calmed down from my
unreasonable statement view Floria we
stumbled across the Oxford University
Press book shop which sells books I
received published by the Oxford
University Press I bought four books
from there because really how can you
not buy books from the place where
they're published first there are in the
very short introduction series which are
these little tiny gems of knowledge on a
whole range of subjects and I've seen
these in a bunch of different places but
I had no idea there were so many in this
series so I picked three which I think
some of my interests and personality
pretty well languages galaxies and
feminism yeah that's that's pretty much
me I guess I bought another copy of
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland which I
really don't for you're like I even have
to justify I'm very happy to add this
one to my little collection of Alice
books although interesting cracked and
by that I really mean interesting to me
and like maybe to other people if I'm
lucky this actually has a really bad
misprint in it and it skips out an
entire paragraph within the first couple
of
of the book good job Oxford University
Press good job the author literally
worked here and you have somehow managed
to mess up his key work that's when we
were Docs for we also visited be broadly
in library and the adorable little shop
where I got another Alice write a book
this one is the Alice in Wonderland
color primer which is just so cute
it goes through a bunch of characters
from the story and just uses adorable
illustrations of them to teach colors
which but I think it's just a super cute
I mean it's obviously really heavily
influenced by the Tim Burton movie but I
don't care because adorable then we
visited the British Library and honestly
this video it's gonna be mostly Alice
related because I bought two more Alice
books this teeny-tiny Jabberwocky is in
the same series as the Alice color
primer and I think it's just as adorable
this one actually goes through and tells
the story using lots of the nonsense
words from the poem I think it's just
really sweet although for some reason
they leave out the section where the
child decapitates the monster what to
deal with that
since when is your capitation not an
appropriate theme for a preschool
audience political correctness gone mad
and when I saw this little one I just
couldn't resist it's called treasures
and focus Alice's Adventures underground
and it's just sections of childhood
Johnson's original drawings and his
original manuscript of the book so it's
just cool little snippets of the
original story in his handwriting which
I just think it's kind of cute and the
last one from the British Library is
mother Knight bytecode one again
I read slaughterhouse five last year and
like every other person who has ever
wrote I thought it was just absolutely
incredible and I've been listening to an
audiobook of breakfast of champions for
a while now but it's read by Stanley
Tucci and more often than not I realized
that I'm just listening to have
wonderful whose voices and not paying
any attention whatsoever to what this
story is actually about
whoops but I figured I need my phone
again in my life and this one sounded
like a pretty cool place to start I mean
not cool like it's about a Nazi
propagandist but interesting an
interesting place to start another
Museum bookshop that we spent way too
much time in was the Tait bookshop
because oh my gosh it was just probably
one of the most beautiful book stores
I've ever been in and if I didn't have a
weight limit on my suitcase I could have
just taken armfuls of books home but I
was restrained and I only got
these three these two little ones are
pretty similar to the oxford university
press ones except they have pictures ooh
exciting they had so many of these that
covered so many interesting topics and I
um denied for ages right which ones to
get but in the end I picked up
philosophy and semiotic s-- also from
the tape I got this really beautiful
copy of books for e-cigarettes by George
Orwell because I love a bit of George I
read his essay about public school which
was called such such were the joys and I
really really liked that one I loved his
fiction so I figured I should branch
Marad into his essays plus this is just
embossed and it's just oh beautiful book
the next one is the beach by Alex
garland which I know practically nothing
about except that everyone says that
it's weird and kind of disturbing but I
like weird books so plus I bought this
him a really cute little cafe slasher
book stop in Brighton I figured Brighton
the beach it just made sense obviously I
had to buy it I have no choice speaking
of weird them by Jon Ronson I read this
all in one go and it was just so good
it's all the extremists focusing on
belief in the Illuminati and the
Bilderberg Group and it's about people
from vastly different ideologies who
believe in that world order plan for
world domination it was just super duper
interesting plus a look at this cover if
this does not make you curious about the
sort of people who believe these things
and why they believe it then frankly I
have no fear and this last little cutie
is the first when I go on I just got it
for a Waterstone somewhere this is the
novelization of my neighbor totoro which
I didn't even know existed my neighbor
totoro was one of my favorite films when
I was a kid and it introduced me to the
absolutely magical world of Miyazaki so
I absolutely jump at a chance to have
this story in other form plus I just
think the book itself is just really
nicely done and the endpapers have like
echelons all over them and it's got some
of Miyazaki's original sketches in it I
don't if you're gonna say that but it's
just really really sweet so there we go
my first video in freaking forever
hopefully the next one won't be too far
away but I just want to say thank you
for sticking with me even though I
abandoned you
once a time I still love you booktube as
always let me know in the comments down
below if you're bringing the books that
I showed today let me know what you
thought of them and also let me know
what the most ridiculous thing that
you've impulse board on holidays was
because for the moment and this
Hufflepuff scarf tops the list for me
and I need to know that I'm not the only
one who makes decisions like this thanks
so much for watching guys and I will see
you next time bye
I can't even work